# bigDumbBird
WIP

Use python to write ulps for eagle instead of the trash built in language, but still launch them from within eagle via generated ulp.

Change first line of 'ulpGenerator.py' to your './eagle/ulps/' directory.

Just drop your python file onto 'ulpGenerator.py' and it will generate a ulp file of the same name and place it in your ulp directory.

When you run this ulp, it will invoke the python script with the eagle file as an arguement.

Make sure you save your eagle file before calling the ulp since your python script will be reading directly from the eagle file.

(if you move a component and don't save before invoking the ulp file, your python script will think that component is wherever it was before you moved it.)

If you use the ScriptWriter class, the ulp will return a command to eagle to run the .scr file generated by your python script.

A note on the ScriptWriter class: Don't change the name of the class when you import it, i.e. don't do 'import bigDumbBird.ScriptWriter as sw'

The 'ulpGen.py' script will look for a line containing 'ScriptWriter(' to format the ulp correctly.

I find it convenient to stick to instatiating it with 'scr = bigDumbBird.ScriptWriter(eagleFile)'

The .scr file that gets generated by your script will save to './eagle/projects/projectName/projectNameScripts'

The only neccessary files are 'bigDumbBird.py', 'ulpGenerator.py', and 'scriptSaveCheck.py'.

All the other .py files are scripts I wrote using the framework. (some of them probably won't work correctly if your grid isn't in mm)
